# Self Evaluation

- How confident do you feel in your understanding and fluency with the `for` statement?
  - I am still confused about somethings. I understand the `for` statements for the basic problems. I was able to figure out the coding challenge that combined `if` and `for` statements as well. When I got to the last problem that called for a `if` and `for` statement and wanting only 3 letter words to be printed. I could not figure out how to make my `for` statement pring out these results. I am eager to have some guidance on this as I spent many hours running the code all the different ways.
- This was a much more advanced concept than anything you've done in Mod 0, and the exercises required you to push yourself to apply other background knowledge or learn things outside of the curriculum - how did that feel? Did you have productive struggle? Unproductive struggle?
  - I feel like I was able to figure out all the concepts other than the last problem. It was a struggle, but the mass majority of it was productive. I spent a lot of time trying different methods and researching. I found that my unproductive struggle was when I was going down a rabbit hole of the incorrect information. I had to take a breath identify that what I was looking at was not the correct method and narrow my technical searches down.
- What do you still need to practice or learn? How will you do that? Do you need to adjust your calendar in order to do that?
  - I need to practice combining `if` and `for` statements. I plan to practice both of them individually and then practice them together. I already have time put aside on my calendar to practice these things. 
- What questions do you still have? How will you get the answers you need?
  - All of my questions revolve around combining the two concepts. I will narrow my searches down and productively find ways to be more effecient when attempting to figure out a new concept.